fix: make schema singleton (#2334)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Improvements

> - [generator] Improve `get schema()` of API classes (e.g., `BusinessPartnerAPI`) from generated clients by applying singleton pattern, which reduces memory usage. It typically matters, when the function is called in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [generator] Reduce memory usage of `schema` in API classes (e.g., `BusinessPartnerAPI`).
```
